Refactors concurrency tests as "hammer" tests and adjusts style (#415)
tetratelabs/wazero: RATIONALE.md

## Golang patterns

### Hammer tests
Code that uses concurrency primitives, such as locks or atomics, should include "hammer tests", which run large loops
inside a bounded amount of goroutines, run by half that many `GOMAXPROCS`. These are named consistently "hammer", so
they are easy to find. The name inherits from some existing tests in [golang/go](https://github.com/golang/go/search?q=hammer&type=code).

Here is an annotated description of the key pieces of a hammer test:
1. `P` declares the count of goroutines to use, defaulting to 8 or 4 if `testing.Short`.

>    * 8 is typically less than a modern laptop's available cores, which allow multiple "hammer" tests to run in parallel.

Author: ```suggestion
   * Half this amount are the cores used, and 4 is less than a modern laptop's CPU. This allows multiple "hammer" tests to run in parallel.
```
